update docs (#3890)
status-im/nim-beacon-chain: docs/the_nimbus_book/src/build.md

# Build the beacon node

Building the beacon node from source ensures that all hardware-specific optimizations are turned on. The build process itself is simple and fully automated, but may take a few minutes.

```admonish note

> Nimbus is written in a langague called [Nim](https://nim-lang.org) - the correct version will automatically be downloaded as part of the build process!

Author: ```suggestion
Nimbus is written in the [Nim](https://nim-lang.org) programming language - the correct version will automatically be downloaded as part of the build process!
```
